readme.md, before:

# 2013 UCB Data Science Workshop #
## [AMS Solar Energy Prediction](http://www.kaggle.com/c/ams-2014-solar-energy-prediction-contest) ##

###_edit me!_###

---------------------------------------
### 1907 Chicago Cubs ###

- Isaac ::: ishivvers@berkeley.edu ::: (515) 419-1762
- Clare ::: cmsaunders@berkeley.edu ::: (706) 207-6876
- Alex ::: aga@berkeley.edu :::
- Michael ::: mbeloc@gmail.com ::: (214) 681-0107

---------------------------------------
### GitHub ###

	# to download the GitHub repo:
	git clone https://github.com/ishivvers/1907ChicagoCubs.git
	# put your code in a folder inside there, make your edits, and then run:
	git add <your files>
	git commit -m <your commit message>
	git pull  # to pull and merge any changes
	git push  # to push your changes to GitHub

---------------------------------------
### File Heirarchy ###

	# your file heirarchy should be organized like this, so we can all copy/paste/share code:
	<Some Folder>
	  - 1907ChicagoCubs
	    - readme.md
	    - Clare
	      - <Clare's code>
	    - ...etc...
	  - data
	    - test
	      - ...
	    - train
	      - ...
	    - <other data>

---------------------------------------
### sketch ###

- interpolate all GEFS variables to the MESONET locations
- feed into a machine-learning algorithm
- figure out what are the best features to use
- [scipy.interpolate](http://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/generated/scipy.interpolate.interp2d.html)


---------------------------------------
### to do ###

- clone the GitHub repo
 - develop on your local computer in your folder, then pull/push to GitHub (so others can see the code)
- feature brainstorm
- figure out how best to average data, interpolate, etc.

Commit message:

minor updates; currently running a feature selection trial to see which of my features are actually helpful

readme.md, after:

# 2013 UCB Data Science Workshop #
## [AMS Solar Energy Prediction](http://www.kaggle.com/c/ams-2014-solar-energy-prediction-contest) ##

###_edit me!_###

---------------------------------------
### 1907 Chicago Cubs ###

- Isaac ::: ishivvers@berkeley.edu ::: (515) 419-1762
- Clare ::: cmsaunders@berkeley.edu ::: (706) 207-6876
- Alex ::: aga@berkeley.edu :::
- Michael ::: mbeloc@gmail.com ::: (214) 681-0107

---------------------------------------
### GitHub ###

	# to download the GitHub repo:
	git clone https://github.com/ishivvers/1907ChicagoCubs.git
	# put your code in a folder inside there, make your edits, and then run:
	git add <your files>
	git commit -m <your commit message>
	git pull  # to pull and merge any changes
	git push  # to push your changes to GitHub

---------------------------------------
### File Heirarchy ###

	# your file heirarchy should be organized like this, so we can all copy/paste/share code:
	<Some Folder>
	  - 1907ChicagoCubs
	    - readme.md
	    - Clare
	      - <Clare's code>
	    - ...etc...
	  - data
	    - test
	      - ...
	    - train
	      - ...
	    - <other data>

---------------------------------------
### sketch ###

- We should chat about strategies, and start submitting models this week.


---------------------------------------
### to do ###

- clone the GitHub repo
 - develop on your local computer in your folder, then pull/push to GitHub (so others can see the code)
 - science
